hey guys laughing screaming warning you
and today me and Noah we'll be
spotlighting already so video happy 27
and this is second video on my channel
pretty cool book you ever seen the
world's work on SMB server check it out
for you so yeah we're gonna shot by a
quemar today it's called the equivalent
exchange of child okay yeah child labor
so an equivalent exchange basically it
used to be really a lot more items but
now you get deleted the owner baha mar
we've all of the items and started fresh
which is pretty cool and now it's really
bugging cuz some of the items are not
craftable and stuff but let's go
spotlighting me so it's pretty epic yep
so now we're moving up the outcome of
chests right away are bugged you can't
craft them that this so then here these
are some of your crafting recipes it's a
stone iron gold that you're in a nerd
stone with an inert stone you get shorts
or minium around their notes only you
get a minium stuff you don't know how to
get your iminium it's basically like you
just need to kill an excessive amount of
mobs and they'll dry they have a five
percent chance of dropping it but trust
me it's worth it so here are some of the
bugged items but dust you can
technically technically craft but then
the health scenario Lulu I don't care if
I'm spelling that wrong are bugged and
they can't be drafted and it can't be
used during a creative so yeah they can
in the Philosopher's Stone and I'll
comic bag or just don't have grass these
little self so on to you so my name's
don't and a philosopher start are pretty
much the same thing um you can transmute
things with them from dominium in the
lost book to basically a liaison between
the bottom right corner my back you see
like a sand so you can grasp the sand
you're on so I'm the main defense which
we actually go back to do so I'll just
switch between them you can have a
choice of transmuting grass dirt grass
Kabul or stay here sand it to any of
these items just look at the bottom
right corner sad their father and that
so you could turn that grass in the
column
and the main difference between the
Philosopher's Stone dominium stone is
that the my name is there on is like you
could when you press Aviva nothing
happens but on a philosophy time you can
like to extend your range and the
philosopher's stone tonight Sam Bass and
its people yeah I'm sure to show you
guys I see how it goes ok so then on the
alchemic bag you can store up any kind
of items you want yeah it's also bugged
like if it wasn't bugs that it's
supposed to like sometimes another
versions of the style of this no notice
about them are you sure yeah then so
that's pretty much that part of it in
this chest up on yourself in it and now
moving on this is the last item the last
viewer this is bugged a lot like like it
if you cracked it like this little it
sometimes comes up it doesn't come up
into the bunker even if it comes up and
when you click on it to get a little
crash your game so yeah it's a most
creative item is there really cool thing
so I'm understood the time tonight and
then I'll expand of it is well I ha
treats they help yeah and upper wall and
I put a torch on the bridge approach I
straight I have a torch here and see how
r 3 much length of a whole watch it
lights up to like right here yeah yeah
others and on so the glass viewer
basically when placed ads like this and
then you can put glow stone or torches
in there so the tour if you have a torch
in there it trans me that lets you
oh it's on the Arab Sun phony other side
see that you know this is tactical its
own inside scottsville it lights up to
sing along one torch this is peaceful as
it is if you want to make simpoints you
just take it out and put like half the
stacking you know it doesn't matter so
yeah so that will if you won't work some
fun yeah you can put torches a redstone
torch done or I can actually put
anything just put gold in their visa go
wrong it's pretty cool so that's pretty
much a girl in exchange you guys can't
tell to really buggy and look at the
lucky it hasn't crashed in the
restaurant 20 minutes due to crash
drunks ever dies okay yeah so so this is
crash yeah let's just hope they're so
we're gonna we might decide this is this
is the test some of you or palomar gotta
fix this so uh when I render when you
use the philosopher's stone burial and
Four Diamonds as I get full thing you
want to serve if you guys want so I keep
you like your secret room it's the doc
knees and the cauliflower on top so what
it's a specimen so you guys um as you
see it's kind of really bummed but don't
worry followers of the school I really
like theater and he'll definitely fix it
he always gonna show ya so I stay tuned
to this mod I'll be somehow page so it's
not and hopefully you understand if it's
updated so yeah nei nei since any mod
update adventure maps you want us to do
just give me a comment sometimes oh yeah
many of you to worry I'm if the worse
I'm probably gonna be operating on you
actually got here to spoil it for a
difficulty doing that those lab for
tomorrow check them out you also you qne
drive our institutions so that that's
pretty much it this is a the links gonna
be descriptive
mod the channel not like comment and
subscribe and that's pretty much it this
is uh actually get me crash away know
what the best way inside see now on I
trying crash it it doesn't crash but
when i'm recording with crashed or yeah
come on or okay so that's pretty much it
Tommy that's pretty much it so yeah I'm
the links gonna be in description
anything else we dumb bitch yeah peace
peace peace peace peace we speak okay
now we're gonna actually knocked amber
this is a share this filter and if they
were pretty fast okay Alex e3 pretty
much come on and so everything but about
pop pop by